[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: So
now we're gonna talk about POSTing, okay?
Often we wanna send much more than just
like a single parameter to the server.
Imagine when you're trying to
do like a form signup, right?
You wanna set their user name,
their passwords, their email,
their address or phone number.
You wanna take an entire form of data in,
you gonna do this by posting.
And right now we gonna use jQuery and
using Ajax,
something that we've all done before and
we're going to post to the server.
So let's go look at
node-exercises/posting.
>> Brian Holt: So
notice I already gave you package.json, so
let's get out of here.
I'm going to go into posting.
Everyone just run npm install.
>> Brian Holt: Mine already installed,
so it's fine, but
yours should give a whole
bunch of installing going on.
And you should get both express and
there's another one in
there called body parser.
Which I'll show you here in just
a sec what that exactly does.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
we're gonna look here at app.js.
Require express and
then require bodyParser.
And then we're gonna have the app
use the bodyParser for json parsing.
Now why are we doing this?
It's because express itself does
not actually understand json.
And the reason for that is express is
flexible enough that if you want to have
it speak XML or
you wanna have it speak another language.
It's flexible enough
to be able to do that.
So you just say here is the parser that
I want you to use when you're trying to
understand what people
are trying to tell you.
So, you're gonna do app.use,
the bodyParser, okay?
Here we're doing the static,
sharing again.
So that should look familiar.
And then here, notice we're saying
app.post instead of app.get.
Key difference there.
And then from the user it's gonna
expect both the username and
a password which come in this body object,
okay?
And then here, we're actually gonna
do some switching based on, that
if the name is Brian and the password is
pass, which is probably my best password.
Don't steal my password.
Then send a status of 200 which
means yeah, you logged in and
you're gonna say status:success.
Okay, if they have the incorrect
password or anything like that.
You're gonna send him a 401
which means you can't log in,
it means unauthorized and status failure.
You also might have noticed that
we're not using end right now,
we're using json, right?
As you might guess this is gonna send
json back instead of just plain text.
Okay, and
then here we're just saying app .listen.
Here in the public directory,
I mean just so you can have an idea.
I just have a little button
right here that's gonna do ajax,
something that we curved earlier.
And it just gonna send up both
the username and the password.
Pretty cool.
Okay, and then on success it's gonna
log out the data that it sends back.
Questions about the code before we
move on to actually show you and
then we can come back
to talk more about it.
Okay, so
I'm gonna say nodemon app.js, okay?
It started the app.
Let's see, let's go back here.
We're gonna go to index.html, which
is being served by the static assets.
So I now have a username and password.
Don't worry if you don't
see these asterisks,
it's my last pass, it's an extension I
have installed, don't worry about it.
So I'm gonna send up first of
all like Nina and wrong or
something like that,
like some wrong password.
And it's gonna tell me,
you are unauthorized to reach this API.
But if I send up Brian and pass and
I hit submit, I get success, right?
This is obviously not the best
way to write your log in.
But it's kind of a precursor example for
how you would write some sort
of authorization system.
Questions about that, make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, cool.
>> Brian Holt: And
also notice right here in app.js,
I'm logging out whatever username and
password.
So you can see right here it knows the
name and it knows the password, etc., etc.